adds details on what a block param is (#704)
Ada-Developers-Academy/textbook-curriculum: 01-ruby-fundamentals/nesting-arrays-hashes.md

    - In practice, the term "block parameter" is very fancy, and programmers tend to forget this name. We may also call this "iteratee" or "iteration variable."
1. Add the details of the _iteration block_. Between the `do |item|` and the `end`, we can write **any number of lines of code** to execute **for each element in the array.**
    - Again, to access the value of each element in the array, we reference it by the block parameter, or `item` in this case
    - Is `item` an array? Then you can use all of the good array syntax to access/read it!
    - Is `item` a hash? Then you can use all of the good hash syntax to access/read it!
    - If you're unsure of what data type `item` is, do some debugging work to find out

</details>

### Iteration and Nesting

> Within our _iteration block_, we should write all of the lines of code that need to execute per element. If we need to print something per `item`, we should write `puts item` here. If we need to create variables, store data, modify data, and/or create data per element, we should do that here.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Within our _iteration block_, we should write all of the lines of code that need to be executed for each element. If we need to print something per `item`, we should write `puts item` here. If we need to create variables, store data, modify data, and/or create data per element, we should do that here.
```

Similarly, if you need to access a deeper piece of data based on each `item`, then you should use `item` appropriately with the techniques we practiced today.

Even if `item` is one element within the array of `menu`, `item` may represented an array or hash itself.

#### Iteration Tips

> - Proper/improper indentation in the code can make or break you understanding of your code

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Proper/improper indentation in the code can make or break the readability of your code
```

> - We do not `return` anything within iteration using `each` loops. In `each` loops, we are simply writing code to execute. We use `return` in order to return a value from a method, or in the future we'll use `return` for very specific pieces of syntax

Reviewer: Might be worth it to talk about `break`?

> - We can also use `each` in hashes. However, the syntax will need to change, as the block parameter in an `each` loop on a hash will not represent every _element_, but every _key-value pair._ You may need to look up online what this syntax is in Ruby.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- We can also use `each` to iterate over hashes. However, the syntax will need to change, as each item in a hash is not a single _element_, but instead a _key-value pair_. You may need to look up online what this syntax is in Ruby.
```
